Update section related to Preview role (#4652)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/threat-explorer.md

### Preview email header and download email body

> You can now preview an email header and download the email body in Threat Explorer. Admins can analyze downloaded headers/email messages for threats. Because downloading email messages can risk exposure of information, this process is controlled by role-based access control (RBAC). A new role, *Preview*, is required to grant the ability to download mails in all-email messages view. However, viewing the email header does not require any additional role (other than what is required to view messages in Threat Explorer). To create a new role group with the Preview role - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now preview an email header and download the email body in Threat Explorer. Admins can analyze downloaded headers/email messages for threats. Because downloading email messages can risk exposure of information, this process is controlled by role-based access control (RBAC). A new role, *Preview*, is required to grant the ability to download mails in all-email messages view. However, viewing the email header does not require any additional role (other than what is required to view messages in Threat Explorer). To create a new role group with the Preview role:
```

> 1. You start by selecting a built in role group that only has the Preview role - Data Investigator or eDiscovery Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a built-in role group that only has the Preview role, such as Data Investigator or eDiscovery Manager.
```

> 2. Click on the "Copy role group" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Copy role group**.
```

> 3. Choose a name and description for your new role group and choose Next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose a name and description for your new role group and select **Next**.
```

> 4. Modify the roles, adding and removing as necessary, leaving the Preview role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Modify the roles by adding and removing roles as necessary but leaving the Preview role.
```

> 5. Add members and then click on Create role group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add members and then select **Create role group**.
```
